how everyone in this lecture will understand about the file active use comparison in the
previous Leichter regarded idea about nomadic and stink comparison.
So let's stop.
So basically file it too.
Good.
Comparison is nothing.
It is basically checking for the existence off any file or directory.
Whatever suppose I want to check the particular file is existing on Norm that I can use
this attributes support.
I want to do the backup on my system to start the backup.
I warned that particular director should be existing because I want to take the backup on
this particular directory.
So with the help of this attributes,
I can check that the particular directory at the location is existing on the system or not
.
If it is not existing that directly should be created on.
After that,
the back of should be started.
So those type of things you can do with file at tables comparison so these other you know,
activities.
We have something we want to check for any Brock file.
Then you have to use hyphen B.
C's for the character file days for the directory.
He's for file like this way,
you know,
different,
different.
You know activities we have you can use according to your requirement Here also,
we have you know differently.
No options or activity.
How like here we have a few examples Discuss for final tribute.
The 1st 1 is very simple.
It is looking for this file.
What is existing them?
It will print like file phone.
Otherwise it will say that not far It is looking for this.
This is a block device on If it is there,
it will echo their block.
A special file phone.
Otherwise it will bring you our message.
You that block a special file not found?
The last one is basically you know,
it is just checking for the directory.
And here we have.
This is available in which I have defined the location off the director which I'm looking
for.
This is the meaning of this line.
Is that if it is not there If it is not there so meaning off this one.
This symbol abuse It means that if it is not there so if it is not,
their condition is satisfied than it is going toe.
Create the directory right?
Otherwise,
if it is there,
my condition is not satisfied.
it will move here like it will message that directly is already there.
So from there,
so for this election,
we'll see in the next election.